This file is based on the RAGE card Redux by Picks-at-Flies, but is at times heavily modified to accomplish usage as character Cards.

Modified by Linnefer
September 2024

## Revision History ##
R6
* added Titleshader to deal with titles on lightly colored cards
* Trait fix: Will -> Willpower

R5
* Alt-Name Line to make matching characters with Aliases or Deed Names on multiple cards easier.
* Number Format updated to #XXX instead of XXX#
* Sabbat-Card change: traits are Generation/Path/Willpower

R4
* Fae-Court BGs: Unseelie & Shadow Court
* Mage BGs: Technocracy
* Kinfolk "Auspiece"
* Correction of Mage Card: traits are Arete/Paradox/Willpower
* Correction of Vamopire Card: traits are Generation/Humanity/Willpower
* Initial Card Numbering

R3
* Fulltext of alternate traits
* automated trait-assignment via card type
* REnaming of Health to Will

R2
* Addition of missing icons for various factions
* Manual choice of alternate traits instead of Rage/Gnosis/Health

R1
Initial modified version, adding new cards using [the the templates provided by Self biased on Boardgamegeek](https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2163791/rage-card-frame-update-and-rework) and changing them as required:
* Mage
* Vampire
* Changeling


__Rage MSE plugin help file__

Created by Picks-at-Flies
11 September 2008
Updated February 2014
Blank templates courtesy of Fenris Lorsrai and Zita.

__What is it for?__

This plugin for MSE allows you to build custom Rage cards that actually look like Rage cards but can be built in seconds.

__How do I get started?__

a) Download MSE to your computer
b) Uncompress this package to the c:\Program Files\Magic Set Editor 2\data folder (or the equivalent if you installed MSE elsewhere).
c) Install the fonts in the rage-installation

Now when you run MSE, you have an option for Rage Apocalypse. There are two versions, Rage Apocalypse (Original White Wolf) and New Template (used for Fan sets from 2013, designed by Zita).

__How do I make a card?__

a) Click on Add Card (at the right of the top toolbar)
b) Click on the card frame (anywhere that is not in a dotted field) and change the card type to what you want.
c) Fill in the fields presented by dotted lines.  Note that some fields are generated by selection (i.e. Set and Character Traits), but most are typed by hand.
	- The Ally template does have Rage/Gnosis/Health fields but they are hard to see.
	- You can customise the Breed field, but it only remembers it if the icon is set to Other.
d) Edit your Set info (i.e. details about the set you are creating)
e) Save your set (File > Save)
f) Export it to your friends as individual JPEGs.

__I want to add my own set__

You need to create a set Symbol using the Edit button on the Set info tab.

__I can't find 7th Generation__

This plugin follows the current rules available at http://www.werepenguin.net/rage/rules/.  7th Generation are now considered a subset of Cults, and their caste is put in the main text box.  New Cultists won't be given Aspects.  If you want to make your cards differently, you need to edit the files in ~data\rage-trait-marks.mse-include in the same way as in the previous question.

__There are white spaces__

Unfortunately, Rage does not have any electronic originals to work from.  All Rage templates are reverse engineered from current cards, and they are not always perfect.  The Silent Strider and Pentex templates, for instance, are particularly off-centre compared to the other characters.  If you can reverse engineer better images (templates or glyphs), you are welcome to share them with the community.  Templates are found in ~data/rage-standard.mse-style.

The original template is missing blanks for Stargazers, Cults and Unbound.
The new template is missing Unbound.

__Original Changelog__

January 2014
	Created New template using Zita's blanks. Size is set to size used for CCG Workshop for greater flexibility.
		New template uses new font (Bodega Sans Light).
		Quotes currently use Angsana New Italic.
		Added some automation for faction glyphs.
	Added Apocalypse cult.
	

5 September 2011
	Added most character templates, less Stargazers, Cults and Unbound.
	Breed is no longer editable.  To add more options, edit traits3 in rage-trait-marks.mse-include
	Added Chulorviah
	Made Trait1 default to match the frame for Characters.
	Added allegiance glyphs.
	
Previously
	Removed set glyph choice, now uses self-defined glyph.
	
